Welcome to the Amazon Nova AI Hackathon! 
Amazon Nova is a portfolio of foundation models and services that deliver frontier intelligence and industry-leading price performance. This is your chance to invent with freedom and build with Nova’s capabilities, including advanced reasoning, tool use, multimodal understanding, voice AI, and UI workflow automation. 

Nova 2 Lite, a fast, cost-effective reasoning model for everyday tasks. This is also the best model to use with Nova Forge.

Nova 2 Sonic, a speech-to-speech model for conversational AI.

Nova Act is a service to build and manage fleets of agents for automating production UI workflows with high reliability.

Nova multimodal embeddings: A state-of-the-art multimodal embedding model.

Join and build innovative Gen AI applications using Amazon Nova 2!

 
Why Participate?
Innovate with Next-Gen AI. Explore the frontiers of generative AI and apply Nova's differentiated features to solve real-world problems.

Real-World Impact. Develop solutions that deliver measurable value for businesses or create meaningful benefits for communities.

Compete for Prizes. With a prize pool of $40,000 in cash and $55,000 in AWS credits, your innovative projects could earn significant rewards. 

Learn and Grow. Access dedicated resources, code examples, technical documentation, virtual workshops, and office hours to support your journey.

Showcase Your Skills. Gain recognition for your expertise and show everyone your hard work. 

 
Get Started
Amazon Nova 2 developer guide for foundation models and for Nova Act

Amazon Nova website

More Resources to help you!

Requirements
What to Build
Build a generative AI application using Amazon Nova on AWS. We encourage submissions that reflect one of the following focus areas. You may use any preferred services, frameworks (such as AWS Strands, LangChain), and tools (such as MCP, A2A), but your core solution must use a Nova foundation model (such as Nova 2 Lite, Nova 2 Sonic, multimodal Embedding) and/or the Nova Act service.

Agentic AI: Build solutions where agents use Amazon Nova reasoning capabilities to tackle complex, real-world problems. 

Multimodal Understanding: Create rich multimodal applications that understand and/or generate across text, documents, speech, images, or video using Nova.

UI Automation: Build Nova Act-powered agents that automate real-world workflows across web applications.

Voice AI: Create real-time conversational voice experiences using Nova 2 Sonic.

Freestyle: If your project doesn’t fit into the above categories, submit it under the Freestyle category.   

 
What to Submit
Submitter Type: Individual (student or professional), Team (student or professional), Organization

Category: Agentic AI, Multimodal Understanding, UI Automation, Voice AI, Freestyle

Text description: A brief summary of your project, its purpose, and how it leverages Amazon Nova foundation models

Demo Video (Approx. 3 minutes): Upload a short video showcasing your project in action. Please include the hashtag #AmazonNova

Code repo: Share link to your project’s code repository (e.g., Github). You can share a public or private repository - if private, please share access with testing@devpost.com and Amazon-Nova-hackathon@amazon.com

Bonus Prize: 

A published blog post on builder.aws.com covering how your project can positively affect your target community. Discuss the potential benefits, envisioned real-world application, and any plans for encouraging adoption

See Official Rules for Details

Please take the feedback survey after completing your project for a chance at $50 cash

Prizes
$40,000+ in prizes+ other prizes
First Prize Overall
$15,000 in cash
1 winner
$5,000 in AWS Credits

Second Place Overall
$7,000 in cash
1 winner
$5,000 in AWS Credits

Best of Agentic System
$3,000 in cash
1 winner
$5,000 in AWS Credits

Best of Multimodal Understanding
$3,000 in cash
1 winner
$5,000 in AWS Credits

Best of UI Automation
$3,000 in cash
1 winner
$5,000 in AWS Credits

Best of Voice AI
$3,000 in cash
1 winner
$5,000 in AWS Credits

Best Student App
$3,000 in cash
1 winner
$5,000 in AWS Credits

Bonus Blog Post Prize
100 winners
$200 in AWS Credits

Feedback Prize
$50 in cash
60 winners



TOOLS AND TECHNOLOGIES
Learn about Amazon Nova on our website and announcement blog

Amazon Nova Code Examples

Amazon Nova developer blog Nova 2 Lite, Nova 2 Sonic, Nova Act.

Amazon Nova re:Invent sessions: Nova 2 Lite, Nova 2 Sonic, Nova Act

Amazon Nova workshops: Amazon Nova 2 Sonic, Amazon Nova foundation models

From the blog: 

Accelerate AI development with Amazon Bedrock API keys

Build real-time conversational AI experiences using Amazon Nova Sonic and LiveKit

Benchmarking Amazon Nova: A comprehensive analysis through MT-Bench and Arena-Hard-Auto

Amazon Nova Act - Useful, reliable agents from prototype to production

Request credits to start building with Amazon Nova




RULES

Amazon Nova AI Hackathon (the “Hackathon”) Official Rules
NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. 

SUBMISSION OF ANY ENTRY CONSTITUTES AGREEMENT TO THESE OFFICIAL RULES AS A CONTRACT BETWEEN ENTRANT (AND EACH INDIVIDUAL MEMBER OF ENTRANT), THE HACKATHON SPONSOR, AND DEVPOST.

 

1. Dates and Timing
Registration Period: February 2, 2026 (10:00 am Pacific Time) – March 16, 2026 (5:00 pm Pacific Time) (“Registration Period”).

Submission Period: February 2, 2026 (10:00 am Pacific Time) – March 16, 2026 (5:00 pm Pacific Time) (“Submission Period”).

Feedback Period: February 2, 2026 (10:00 am Pacific Time) – March 18, 2026 (5:00 pm Pacific Time) (“Feedback Period”).

Judging Period: March 17, 2026 (10:00 am Pacific Time) – April 2, 2026 (5:00 pm Pacific Time) (“Judging Period”).

Winners Announced: On or around April 8, 2026 (2:00 pm Pacific Time).

 

2. Sponsor and Administrator
Sponsor: Amazon Web Services (“Amazon”), 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210

Administrator: Devpost, Inc. (“Devpost”), 250 Broadway, 24FL, New York, NY 10007

 

3. Eligibility
The Hackathon IS open to: 

Individuals who are at least the age of 18 where they reside as of the time of entry (“Eligible Individuals”);
Teams of Eligible Individuals (“Teams”); and
Organizations (including corporations, not-for-profit corporations and other nonprofit organizations, limited liability companies, partnerships, and other legal entities) that exist and have been organized or incorporated at the time of entry.
Note: Organizations involved with the design, production, paid promotion, execution, or distribution of the Hackathon, including the Sponsor and Administrator (“Promotion Entities”) are not eligible as outlined below.
(the above are collectively, “Entrants”)

An Eligible Individual may join more than one Team or Organization and an Eligible Individual who is part of a Team or Organization may also enter the Hackathon on an individual basis. If a Team or Organization is entering the Hackathon, they must appoint and authorize one individual (the “Representative”) to represent, act, and enter a Submission, on their behalf. By entering a Submission on behalf of a Team or Organization you represent and warrant that you are the Representative authorized to act on behalf of your Team or Organization.

The Hackathon IS NOT open to: 

Individuals who are residents of, or Organizations domiciled in, a country, state, province or territory where the laws of the United States or local law prohibits participating or receiving a prize in the Hackathon (including, but not limited to Brazil, Quebec, Russia, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and any other country designated by the United States Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control) 
Organizations involved with the design, production, paid promotion, execution, or distribution of the Hackathon, including the Sponsor and Administrator (“Promotion Entities”).
Employees, Representatives and agents** of such Promotion Entities, and all members of their immediate family or household*
Any other individual involved with the design, production, promotion, execution, or distribution of the Hackathon, and each member of their immediate family or household*
Any Judge (defined below in Section 6), or company or individual that employs a Judge
Any parent company, subsidiary, or other affiliate*** of any organization described above
Any other individual or organization whose participation in the Hackathon would create, in the sole discretion of the Sponsor and/or Administrator, a real or apparent conflict of interest 
*The members of an individual’s immediate family include the individual’s spouse, children and stepchildren, parents and stepparents, and siblings and stepsiblings. The members of an individual’s household include any other person that shares the same residence as the individual for at least three (3) months out of the year. 

**Agents include individuals or organizations that in creating a Submission to the Hackathon, are acting on behalf of, and at the direction of, a Promotion Entity through a contractual or similar relationship.

***An affiliate is: (a) an organization that is under common control, sharing a common majority or controlling owner, or common management; or (b) an organization that has a substantial ownership in, or is substantially owned by the other organization.

 

4. How To Enter
Entrants may enter by visiting amazon-nova.devpost.com (“Hackathon Website”) and following the below steps:

Register for the Hackathon on the Hackathon Website by clicking the “Join Hackathon” button. To complete registration, sign up to create a free Devpost account, or log in with an existing Devpost account. This will enable you to receive important updates and to create your Submission.
Entrants will obtain access to the required developer tools/platform and complete a Project described below in Project Requirements. Use of the developer tools will be subject to the license agreement related thereto. Entry in the Hackathon constitutes consent for the Sponsor and Devpost to collect and maintain an entrant’s personal information for the purpose of operating and publicizing the Hackathon. Personal information may be shared with partners of the sponsor. 
Get access to Amazon Nova models via Amazon Bedrock or nova.amazon.com/dev page. Can you learn more from the Amazon Nova developer guide. 
Entrants must determine if they are eligible as a Student or Student Team or a  Professional Individual or Team as defined below for the relevant Prizes. Please note that all Team Members must be part of said Entrant Type in order to be eligible for the Prize type.
Student Developer - An individual or team whose members are currently enrolled in a recognized academic institution, or are otherwise engaged in a process of learning, upskilling, or reskilling. You must indicate the name of the institution you are attending on the credit request form.
Professional Developer - An individual, team, or organization that doesn't meet the criteria for a Student Developer and whose members are not employees of any hackathon sponsor.
Student Developer Entrants and Professional Developer Entrants may request $100 in AWS Promotional Credits for the purpose of completing your Project for the Hackathon while supplies last. AWS Promotional Credits can only be requested by Entrants registered for the Hackathon and must be requested by March 6th at 5pm PT. In order to request AWS Promotional Credits, you must complete the form at: https://challengepost.wufoo.com/forms/m1udy4ml0km7g62/. Approved Student Developer Entrant requests will receive an email from Slalom (an AWS partner) within 72 business hours. Approved Professional Developer Entrant requests will receive an email within 72 business hours from Devpost. The Administrator and Sponsor may, at their sole discretion, provide credits exclusively to participants who demonstrated a valid submission idea. AWS Promotional Credits are subject to the AWS Promotional Credits terms and conditions found at: https://aws.amazon.com/awscredits/. AWS Promotional Credits are not redeemable for cash and can only be applied to AWS Services. AWS credits are available on a first-come first serve basis and while supplies last. 
NOTE: Additional charges incurred by the Entrant for the use of AWS products are the responsibility of the Entrant. Entrants are encouraged to monitor their usage of services as to not incur additional charges. 
Complete and enter all of the required fields on the “Enter a Submission” page of the Hackathon Website (each a “Submission”) during the Submission Period and follow the requirements below.
To be considered for the Most Valuable Feedback Bonus Prizes, Entrants must complete an online form (each a “Feedback Submission”). Feedback Submissions must be submitted during the Feedback Period. To be eligible for a Feedback Prize, the Feedback Submission must be complete with actionable comments that Amazon can use to improve the Amazon Nova models or related documentation (for example, bug reports, user interface improvements, suggested integrations, and more). One Feedback Submission per Entrant.
Blog Post Bonus Prize Submission Requirements
Publish a blog post on https://builder.aws.com/ about your project during the Submission Period.
Include a link to your published blog post on your Devpost Project submission form. The first 100 eligible posts will receive a Blog Post Bonus Prize. 
Blog posts can cover similar topics but should be materially different than the Devpost Project text description.
Use the tag 'Amazon-Nova' and address the following question, offering valuable insights into your creative process and the potential influence of your project. The content of your blog post must be materially different from your submission questions.
Describe how your project built with Amazon Nova can positively affect your target community. Discuss the potential benefits, envisioned real-world application, and any plans for encouraging adoption.
Project Requirements
What to Create: Build a generative AI application using Amazon Nova on AWS. We encourage submissions that reflect one of the following focus areas. You may use any preferred services, frameworks (such as AWS Stands, Langchain), and tools (such as MCP, A2A), but the core solution must use a Nova foundation model (Nova 2 Lite, Nova 2 Sonic, multimodal embedding) and/or service (Nova Act).

Agentic AI: Build solutions where agents use Amazon Nova reasoning capabilities to tackle complex, real-world problems. 
Multimodal Understanding: Use Amazon Nova to create rich, multimodal applications that can understand and/or generate across text, documents, speech, image, or video.
UI Automation: Build solutions where Nova Act-powered agents automate real-world UI workflows across web applications.
Voice AI: Build real-time conversational voice AI experiences using Nova 2 Sonic.
Freestyle: If your project doesn’t fall into one of the above categories, enter the Freestyle category.   
Functionality: The Project must be capable of being successfully installed and running consistently on the platform for which it is intended and must function as depicted in the video and/or expressed in the text description.

Platforms: A submitted Project must run on the platform for which it is intended and which is specified in the Submission Requirements. 

New & Existing: Projects must be either newly created by the Entrant or, if the Entrant’s Project existed prior to the Hackathon Submission Period, must have updated the project during the submission period.

Third Party Integrations: If a Project integrates any third-party SDK, APIs and/or data, Entrant must be authorized to use them in accordance with any terms and conditions or licensing requirements of the tool.

 

Submission Requirements 
Submissions to the Hackathon must meet the following requirements:

Include a Project built with the required developer tools and meets the above Project Requirements.
Identify Submitter Type in one of the following categories: 
Student Developer Team: A Student or student Team should be made up of those individuals who are enrolled through an accredited educational institution
Professional Developer Team: A Professional Developer or Professional Developer Team is an individual, team of individuals, or an Organization that are not students nor Sponsor employees 
Identify one Category for which you built your Project.
Include a text description that should explain a brief summary of your project, its purpose, and how it leverages Amazon Nova foundation models
Include a demonstration video of your Project:
should be around three (3) minutes. Judges are not required to watch beyond three minutes 
should include footage that shows the Project functioning
must be uploaded to and made publicly visible on YouTube, Vimeo, or Youku, and a link to the video must be provided on the submission form on the Hackathon Website;
should include the hashtag #AmazonNova, and 
must not include third party trademarks, or copyrighted music or other material unless the Entrant has permission to use such material.
Code Repository - if private, please share with testing@devpost.com and Amazon-Nova-hackathon@amazon.com
 

Multiple Submissions 

An Entrant may submit more than one Submission, however, each Submission must be unique and substantially different from each of the Entrant’s other Submissions, as determined by the Sponsor and Devpost in their sole discretion.

Testing 

Access must be provided to an Entrant’s working Project for judging and testing by providing a link to a website, functioning demo, or a test build. If Entrant’s website is private, Entrant must include login credentials in its testing instructions. The Entrant must make the Project available free of charge and without any restriction, for testing, evaluation and use by the Sponsor, Administrator and Judges until the Judging Period ends. Judges are not required to test the Project and may choose to judge based solely on the text description, images, and video provided in the Submission.

Access can be provided to the Sponsor and Administrator by providing access to private projects to testing@devpost.com and Amazon-Nova-hackathon@amazon.com.

If the Project includes software that runs on proprietary or third party hardware that is not widely available to the public, including software running on devices or wearable technology other than smartphones, tablets, or desktop computers, the Sponsor and/or Administrator reserve the right, at their sole discretion, to require the Entrant to provide physical access to the Project hardware upon request.  

Language Requirements

All Submission materials must be in English or, if not in English, the Entrant must provide an English translation of the demonstration video, text description, and testing instructions as well as all other materials submitted. 

Team Representation

If a team or organization is entering the Hackathon, they must appoint and authorize one individual (the “Representative”) to represent, act, and enter a Submission, on their behalf. The Representative must meet the eligibility requirements above. By entering a Submission on the Hackathon Website on behalf of a team or organization you represent and warrant that you are the Representative authorized to act on behalf of your team or organization.

Intellectual Property 

Your Submission must: (a) be your (or your Team, or Organization’s) original work product; (b) be solely owned by you, your Team, your Organization with no other person or entity having any right or interest in it; and (c) not violate the intellectual property rights or other rights including but not limited to copyright, trademark, patent, contract, and/or privacy rights, of any other person or entity. An Entrant may contract with a third party for technical assistance to create the Submission provided the Submission components are solely the Entrant’s work product and the result of the Entrant’s ideas and creativity, and the Entrant owns all rights to them. An Entrant may submit a Submission that includes the use of open source software or hardware, provided the Entrant complies with applicable open source licenses and, as part of the Submission, creates software that enhances and builds upon the features and functionality included in the underlying open source product. By entering the Hackathon, you represent, warrant, and agree that your Submission meets these requirements.

Financial or Preferential Support 

A Project must not have been developed, or derived from a Project developed, with financial or preferential support from the Sponsor or Administrator. Such Projects include, but are not limited to, those that received funding or investment for their development, were developed under contract, or received a commercial license, from the Sponsor or Administrator any time prior to the end of Hackathon Submission Period. The Sponsor, at their sole discretion, may disqualify a Project, if awarding a prize to the Project would create a real or apparent conflict of interest.

 

5. Submission Modifications
Draft Submissions 

Prior to the end of the Submission Period, you may save draft versions of your submission on Devpost to your portfolio before submitting the Submission materials to the Hackathon for evaluation. Once the Submission Period has ended, you may not make any changes or alterations to your Submission, but you may continue to update the Project in your Devpost portfolio.

Modifications

After the Submission Period. The Sponsor and Devpost may permit you to modify part of your Submission after the Submission Period for the purpose of adding, removing or replacing material that potentially infringes a third party mark or right, discloses personally identifiable information, or is otherwise inappropriate. The modified Submission must remain substantively the same as the original Submission with the only modification being what the Sponsor and Devpost permits. 

 

6. Judges & Criteria
Eligible submissions will be evaluated by a panel of judges selected by the Sponsor (the “Judges”). Judges may be employees of the sponsor or third parties, may or may not be listed individually on the Hackathon Website, and may change before or during the Judging Period. Judging may take place in one or more rounds with one or more panels of Judges, at the discretion of the sponsor. 

Stage One) The first stage will determine via pass/fail whether the ideas meet a baseline level of viability, in that the Project reasonably fits the theme and reasonably applies the required APIs/SDKs featured in the Hackathon.

Stage Two) All Submissions that pass Stage One will be evaluated in Stage Two based on the following criteria (the “Judging Criteria”):

Entries will be judged on the following criteria, and according to the sole and absolute discretion of the judges:

Technical Implementation - 60% Includes the quality, effectiveness, successful integration with Amazon Nova, and overall system architecture.
Enterprise or Community Impact - 20% Assesses how the solution delivers business value or creates meaningful benefits for communities.
Creativity and Innovation - 20% Includes the novelty of the approach and innovative use of multi-agent systems to solve real-world problems.
The scores from the Judges will determine the potential winners of the applicable prizes. The Entrant(s) that are eligible for a Prize, and whose Submissions earn the highest overall scores based on the applicable Judging Criteria and Bonus Social Media Contributions will become potential winners of that Prize.

Tie Breaking 

For each Prize listed below, if two or more Submissions are tied, the tied Submission with the highest score in the first applicable criterion listed above will be considered the higher scoring Submission. In the event any ties remain, this process will be repeated, as needed, by comparing the tied Submissions’ scores on the next applicable criterion. If two or more Submissions are tied on all applicable criteria, the panel of Judges will vote on the tied Submissions.

Feedback Submission Criteria

Eligible Feedback Submissions will be evaluated based on the completeness, viability, and potential impact of the feedback.

Blog Post Bonus Prize Judging Criteria 

The first 100 Eligible Bonus Blog Posts will be evaluated based on completeness and potential impact of the submissions that cover how your Project can positively affect your target community and discusses the potential benefits, envisioned real-world application, and any plans for encouraging adoption after the hackathon.

 
7. Intellectual Property Rights
All Submissions remain the intellectual property of the individuals or organizations that developed them. By submitting an entry, entrants agree that the Sponsor will have a fully paid, non-exclusive license to use such entry for judging the entry. Entrants agree that the sponsor and Devpost shall have the right to promote the Submission and use the name, likeness, voice and image of all individuals contributing to a Submission, in any materials promoting or publicizing the Hackathon and its results, during the Hackathon Period and for three years thereafter.  Some Submission components may be displayed to the public. Other Submission materials may be viewed by the sponsor, Devpost, and judges for screening and evaluation. By submitting an entry or accepting any prize, entrants represent and warrant that (a) submitted content is not copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless entrant is the owner of such rights or has permission from their rightful owner to post the content; and (b) the content submitted does not contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, spyware or other disabling devices or harmful or malicious code.

 

8. Prizes

Winner

Prize

Qty

Eligible Submissions

Overall Prizes

 
First Place Overall

$15,000 + $5,000 in AWS Credits

1


All eligible submissions

Second Place Overall

$7,000 + $5,000 in AWS Credits

1


All eligible submissions

Bonus Prizes

 
Best of Agentic System 

$3,000 cash + $5,000 in AWS Credits

1

All eligible submissions that opt in to the Agentic System category

Best of Multimodal Understanding

$3,000 cash + $5,000 in AWS Credits

1

All eligible submissions that opt in to the Multimodal Understanding category

Best of UI Automation

$3,000 cash + $5,000 in AWS Credits


1

All eligible submissions that opt in to the UI Automation Category 

Best of Voice AI

$3,000 cash + $5,000 in AWS Credits

 	
All eligible submissions that opt in to the Voice AI Category 

Best Student App

$3,000 cash + $5,000 in AWS Credits

1

All eligible submissions submitted by Students/ Student Developer Teams (if a team, all Entrants must be eligible Student Entrants)

Bonus Blog Post

Bonus Blog Post Prize

$200 AWS Credits 

100

The first 100 eligible blog posts on builder.aws.com. See Section 4 for details.

Feedback Prizes

 
Feedback Prize

$50 cash

60

All eligible feedback submissions. See Section 4 for details.

IMPORTANT NOTES ON PRIZE ELIGIBILITY:

Each Project is eligible for one (1) Overall OR one (1) Bonus Prize and one (1) Bonus Blog Post Prize. 
Each eligible individual Entrant may win one (1) Most Valuable Feedback Prize. Feedback Prizes are awarded to individuals, not to Projects and will not be visible on the platform.
Substitutions & Changes: Prizes are non-transferable by the winner. Sponsor in its sole discretion has the right to make a prize substitution of equivalent or greater value. Sponsor will not award a prize if there are no eligible Submissions entered in the Hackathon, or if there are no eligible Entrants or Submissions for a specific prize.
Verification Requirement: THE AWARD OF A PRIZE TO A POTENTIAL WINNER IS SUBJECT TO VERIFICATION OF THE IDENTITY, QUALIFICATIONS AND ROLE OF THE POTENTIAL WINNER IN THE CREATION OF THE SUBMISSION. No Submission or Entrant shall be deemed a winning Submission or winner until their post-competition prize affidavits have been completed and verified, even if prospective winners have been announced verbally or on the competition website. The final decision to designate a winner shall be made by the Sponsor and/or Administrator. 
Prize Delivery: Prizes will be payable to the Entrant, if an individual; to the Entrant’s Representative, if a Team; or to the Organization, if the Entrant is an Organization. It will be the responsibility of the winning Entrant’s Representative to allocate the Prize among their Team or Organization’s participating members, as the Representative deems appropriate. A monetary Prize will be mailed to the winning Entrant’s address (if an individual) or the Representative’s address (if a Team or Organization), or sent electronically to the Entrant, Entrant’s Representative, or Organization’s bank account, only after receipt of the completed winner affidavit and other required forms (collectively the “Required Forms”), if applicable. The deadline for returning the Required Forms to the Administrator is ten (10) business days after the Required Forms are sent. Failure to provide correct information on the Required Forms, or other correct information required for the delivery of a Prize, may result in delayed Prize delivery, disqualification of the Entrant, or forfeiture of a Prize. Prizes will be delivered within 60 days of the Sponsor or Devpost’s receipt of the completed Required Forms.
Fees & Taxes: Winners (and in the case of Team or Organization, all participating members) are responsible for any fees associated with receiving or using a prize, including but not limited to, wiring fees or currency exchange fees. Winners (and in the case of Team or Organization, all participating members) are responsible for reporting and paying all applicable taxes in their jurisdiction of residence (federal, state/provincial/territorial and local). Winners may be required to provide certain information to facilitate receipt of the award, including completing and submitting any tax or other forms necessary for compliance with applicable withholding and reporting requirements. United States residents may be required to provide a completed form W-9 and residents of other countries may be required to provide a completed W-8BEN form. Winners are also responsible for complying with foreign exchange and banking regulations in their respective jurisdictions and reporting the receipt of the Prize to relevant government departments/agencies, if necessary. The Sponsor, Devpost, and/or Prize provider reserves the right to withhold a portion of the prize amount to comply with the tax laws of the United States or other Sponsor jurisdiction, or those of a winner’s jurisdiction.
 

9. Entry Conditions and Release
By entering the Hackathon, you (and, if you are entering on behalf of a Team, Organization each participating members) agree(s) to the following:

The relationship between you, the Entrant, and the Sponsor and Administrator, is not a confidential, fiduciary, or other special relationship.
You will be bound by and comply with these Official Rules and the decisions of the Sponsor, Administrator, and/or the Hackathon Judges which are binding and final in all matters relating to the Hackathon.
You release, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Promotion Entities, and their respective parent, subsidiary, and affiliated companies, the Prize suppliers and any other organizations responsible for sponsoring, fulfilling, administering, advertising or promoting the Hackathon, and all of their respective past and present officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives (hereafter the “Released Parties”) from and against any and all claims, expenses, and liabilities (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), including but not limited to negligence and damages of any kind to persons and property, defamation, slander, libel, violation of right of publicity, infringement of trademark, copyright or other intellectual property rights, property damage, or death or personal injury arising out of or relating to an Entrant's entry, creation of Submission or entry of a Submission, participation in the Hackathon, acceptance or use or misuse of the Prize (including any travel or activity related thereto) and/or the broadcast, transmission, performance, exploitation or use of the Submission as authorized or licensed by these Official Rules. 
Without limiting the foregoing, the Released Parties shall have no liability in connection with: 
Any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by the Sponsor or Administrator’s electronic or printing error, or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Hackathon; 
Technical failures of any kind, including, but not limited to malfunctions, interruptions, or disconnections in phone lines, internet connectivity or electronic transmission errors, or network hardware or software or failure of the Hackathon Website;
Unauthorized human intervention in any part of the entry process or the Hackathon; 
Technical or human error which may occur in the administration of the Hackathon or the processing of Submissions; or 
Any injury or damage to persons or property which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from the Entrant’s participation in the Hackathon or receipt or use or misuse of any Prize.
The Released Parties are not responsible for incomplete, late, misdirected, damaged, lost, illegible, or incomprehensible Submissions or for address or email address changes of the Entrants. Proof of sending or submitting the aforementioned will not be deemed to be proof of receipt by the Sponsor or Administrator. If for any reason any Entrant’s Submission is determined to have not been received or been erroneously deleted, lost, or otherwise destroyed or corrupted, the Entrant’s sole remedy is to request the opportunity to resubmit its Submission. Such a request must be made promptly after the Entrant knows or should have known there was a problem and will be determined at the sole discretion of the Sponsor.

 

10. Publicity
By participating in the Hackathon, Entrant consents to the promotion and display of the Entrant’s Submission, and to the use of personal information about themselves for promotional purposes, by the Sponsor, Administrator, and third parties acting on their behalf. Such personal information includes, but is not limited to, your name, likeness, photograph, voice, opinions, comments and hometown and country of residence. It may be used in any existing or newly created media, worldwide without further payment or consideration or right of review, unless prohibited by law. Authorized use includes but is not limited to advertising and promotional purposes. 

 

11. General Conditions 
Sponsor and Administrator reserve the right, in their sole discretion, to cancel, suspend and/or modify the Hackathon, or any part of it, in the event of a technical failure, fraud, or any other factor or event that was not anticipated or is not within their control.
Sponsor and Administrator reserve the right in their sole discretion to disqualify any individual or Entrant if it finds to be actually or presenting the appearance of tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Hackathon or to be acting in violation of these Official Rules or in a manner that is inappropriate, unsportsmanlike, not in the best interests of this Hackathon, or a violation of any applicable law or regulation.
Any attempt by any person to undermine the proper conduct of the Hackathon may be a violation of criminal and civil law. Should the Sponsor or Administrator suspect that such an attempt has been made or is threatened, they reserve the right to take appropriate action including but not limited to requiring an Entrant to cooperate with an investigation and referral to criminal and civil law enforcement authorities.
If there is any discrepancy or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of the Official Rules and disclosures or other statements contained in any Hackathon materials, including but not limited to the Hackathon Submission form, Hackathon Website, or advertising, the terms and conditions of the Official Rules shall prevail.
The terms and conditions of the Official Rules are subject to change at any time, including the rights or obligations of the Entrant, the Sponsor and Administrator. The Sponsor and Administrator will post the terms and conditions of the amended Official Rules on the Hackathon Website. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any amendment will become effective at the time specified in the posting of the amended Official Rules or, if no time is specified, the time of posting.
If at any time prior to the deadline, an Entrant or prospective Entrant believes that any term in the Official Rules is or may be ambiguous, they must submit a written request for clarification. 
The Sponsor or Administrator’s failure to enforce any term of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision. Should any provision of these Official Rules be or become illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction whose laws or regulations may apply to an Entrant, such illegality or unenforceability shall leave the remainder of these Official Rules, including the Rule affected, to the fullest extent permitted by law, unaffected and valid. The illegal or unenforceable provision shall be replaced by a valid and enforceable provision that comes closest and best reflects the Sponsor’s intention in a legal and enforceable manner with respect to the invalid or unenforceable provision.
Excluding Submissions, all intellectual property related to this Hackathon, including but not limited to copyrighted material, trademarks, trade-names, logos, designs, promotional materials, web pages, source codes, drawings, illustrations, slogans and representations are owned or used under license by the Sponsor and/or Administrator. All rights are reserved. Unauthorized copying or use of any copyrighted material or intellectual property without the express written consent of its owners is strictly prohibited. Any use in a Submission of Sponsor or Administrator’s intellectual property shall be solely to the extent provided for in these Official Rules.
 

12. Limitations of Liability
By entering, all Entrants (including, in the case of a Team or Organization, all participating members) agree to release the Released Parties from any and all liability in connection with the Prizes or Entrant’s participation in the Hackathon. Provided, however, that any liability limitation regarding gross negligence or intentional acts, or events of death or body injury shall not be applicable in jurisdictions where such limitation is not legal.

 

13. Disputes
Except where prohibited by law, as a condition of participating in this Hackathon, Entrant agrees that:
Any and all disputes and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Hackathon, or any Prizes awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action lawsuit, and exclusively by final and binding arbitration under the rules of the American Arbitration Association and held at the AAA regional office nearest the contestant;
The Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation, enforcement and all proceedings at such arbitration; and
Judgment upon such arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
Under no circumstances will Entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and Entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, or any other damages, including attorneys’ fees, other than contestant’s actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e., costs associated with entering this Hackathon), and Entrant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased.
All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of the Entrant and Sponsor in connection with this Hackathon, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of the State of New York, USA without regard to New York choice of law rules.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
 

14. Additional Terms
Please review the Devpost Terms of Service at https://info.devpost.com/terms for additional rules that apply to your participation in the Hackathon and more generally your use of the Hackathon Website. Such Terms of Service are incorporated by reference into these Official Rules, including that the term "Poster" in the Terms of Service shall mean the same as "Sponsor" in these Official Rules." If there is a conflict between the Terms of Service and these Official Rules, these Official Rules shall control with respect to this Hackathon only.

 

15. Entrant’s Personal Information
Information collected from Entrants is subject to Devpost’s Privacy Policy, which is available at https://info.devpost.com/privacy.

For questions, send an email to support@devpost.com.


Question
Answer
I’m a student and don’t have a credit card. How can I participate?
Complete the Credit Request Form. Teams made up of only students will receive a provisioned sandbox with allocated credits. If your request is approved, you will receive an email notification. Refer to this User Guide for detailed instructions.
I’m not a student, but I’d like to get credits to help me build. How can I apply for AWS Credits?	Complete the Credit Request Form. If your request is approved, you will receive an email within 3 business days.
Which tools and technologies are required for my project?	Your project must incorporate Strands Agents, LangChain, and tools (such as MCP), but your solution must use a Nova foundation model (such as Nova 2 Lite, Nova 2 Sonic, Nova Multimodal Embedding) and/or the Nova Act service. View the Official Rules.
What other tools and technologies can I use?	While projects MUST use at least one Amazon Nova model, you can use any other tools or technologies you wish. View the Official Rules.
Is there a maximum number of teammates allowed?	There is not a maximum number of teammates allowed per team. If you team up, make sure all teammates are invited to your Project and accept the invite prior to the Submission Deadline so that everyone gets credit on their Devpost portfolios for their hard work. In order to ualify for the Student Bonus prize, all team members must be eligible students. View the Official Rules.
Can I participate on behalf of my organization?	Yes! Organizations (including corporations, not-for-profit corporations and other nonprofit organizations, limited liability companies, partnerships, and other legal entities) are allowed to participate in this hackathon. Please also make sure your Submission must: (a) be your (or your Team, or Organization’s) original work product; (b) be solely owned by you, your Team, your Organization with no other person or entity having any right or interest in it; and (c) not violate the intellectual property rights or other rights including but not limited to copyright, trademark, patent, contract, and/or privacy rights, of any other person or entity. View the Official Rules.
Will technical support be provided during the hackathon?	Yes! The Office Hours schedule can be found on the Resources tab or you can post your questions in Discord.
Can I submit a project that already exists?	Yes! As long as your project uses an Amazon Nova 2 model and you modify it during the hackathon submission period, it will be eligible. View the Official Rules.
Can I get feedback on my Project?	Due to the high volume of submissions, unfortunately, Amazon or Devpost cannot provide direct feedback to entrants during the competition. However, we encourage all participants to utilize the Devpost Discord community to ask other participants to provide feedback.
I’d like to give feedback to Amazon about Amazon Nova. Where can I do that?	We’re glad you asked and we’d love to hear your feedback! Please complete this feedback survey for a chance to win $50 cold, hard cash! View the Official Rules.
Are there Particiation Certificates? 	
No, there are not participation certificates for this hackathon. You can always share your portfolio with others. 